

It went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. But that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.

This is the most difficult sentence to translate, and would best be translated as, "When I call out my child, I expect to see his / her hair standing straight."

This alludes to a tradition where each of the three days is celebrated by the father in a very unique way, where on each of these days he calls his child from a distance in the evening.

On the first day, the child's hair is lying on the bed.

On the second day, his / her hair is curled, and on the third day his / her hair is up in a pony tail.

If Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg ever fight, will it be over AI?

Few people have more experience in the complex challenges posed by artificial intelligence than Elon Musk. He was an early developer of smart energy-management systems, car manufacturers and a GPS satellite system. But his dreams of dominating the world with AI were never realised.

When he started Tesla, his vision of a mass-market electric car capable of driving itself did not exist, and his companies have had a spotty history of quality control. As Facebook grew to

I do not know where family doctors acquired illegibly perplexing handwriting; nevertheless, extraordinary pharmaceutical intellectuality, counterbalancing indecipherability, transcendentalizes intercommunications’ incomprehensibleness.

This exceeding trifling witling, considering ranting criticizing concerning adopting fitting wording being exhibiting transcending learning, was displaying, notwithstanding ridiculing, surpassing boasting swelling reasoning, respecting correcting erring writing, and touching detecting deceiving arguing during debating.